Okay, so we're talking about organizations a little bit in here in terms of meetings. And so what can businesses, what can leaders do in the workplace to encourage more face to face conversation? Yeah. It more and more companies are realizing that their first thoughts of like, oh, we're going to make everything efficient through telecommuting and emails and so on, that it really does not always solve the problem. And so some companies are really going in a different direction, encouraging more people to come into work and designing what's called dialogic spaces. And dialogic spaces are those spaces where people that are specifically designed for people to come in embodied space with one another and create relationship. And that can happen in a ton of different ways. Some people are doing these sort of stand up huddle desks for meetings where you don't sit down, you don't have enough room to have all your media out. Cafeterias where people have to stand in line long enough to bump shoulders and engage in small talk, but not long enough, maybe, for them to pull out their phones. Agendaless breakfast meetings, interactive company outings. At ASU in terms of our mentoring. We actually have this activity that we call walk and talk. And it's a space where there's no agenda but faculty and graduate students get together and go on a walk, hike and talk. And so many creative ideas come out of that. And also a building of community and morale. Those are great ideas. So I'm going to play the devil's advocate here. Are you saying that bosses organizations should force people to have face to face conversations? Right? Like Force family fun time. Right. Go have some fun together. Yes, but in some ways, they're definitely encouraged. But just designing for conversation does not automatically equate with this interaction. There's going to be some people that still think, oh, the real work is me sitting down at my desk and returning emails. And how much is really imperative that bosses leaders embody themselves this sort of conversation. For instance, one idea would be having an hour a week where you put a sign on your door that says free listening and free listening. If someone comes in and doesn't have to have an agenda and it's just listening in, I love it. That's so great. There's so much to be said just for being there, just for being available and listening and offering that connection and not having a task, a to do list. Some action items at the end just to connect and build relationships. And it seems like once you build that relationship, everything else gets easier. Anyway. So you end up working together more effectively in the long run anyway. So let's say you're not the boss. You're not a leader. You're not in charge. What can you do personally? What can we do? People watching do personally to make sure they have more real connection with people.